-- Reviewing:

Reviewing documents will be an important part of the development process. The purpose of
reviewing documents is to give feedback on work, develop improvements to solutions and
give constructive criticism.

The general structure our group will follow in order to ensure that documents are reviewed
is as follows:

A member creates a file or document and uploads it to GitLab. The remaining members go onto
GitLab and read the work. Each remaining member will write up a short, but concise 
paragraph regarding what improvements could be made, and overall constructive criticism.
At the following meeting, the piece of work and notes will be discussed openly between
group members and any changes that are agreed on will  be made. This method ensures that
all pieces of work are not only to a high standard, but incorporates all members ideas.

This method will be carried out for all pieces of work created and uploaded to GitLab.

To indicate that a file has been submitted and that the reviewing process has taken place,
we will use the history section on GitLab. There we will be able to monitor how many versions
of a file exist, what the latest version contains and whether or not it is the final version
ready for submission.  

-- Quality assurance:

As mentioned, quality assurance will be enforced by a general structure put in place by the
group. It will consist of reviewing each piece of work by every other member of the group
(discluding the author), and writing notes or improvement and constructive criticism. From
there all notes of improvement will be added by the origional author and the piece will be
uploaded to GitLab once more. This process will repeat until the group are satisfied with 
the quality of the work.

To ensure the quality of the groups work is at its best, we will all follow a few general 
guidelines when prodcing work. These include:

- Using TAB instead of SPACE to indent code.
- Using the font 'Courier New'.
- Using a font size of 12.
- Headings should be font size 16.
- Document titles should be font size 20.
- Document creation date on top right of page (Header).
- Document page number on bottom right of page (Footer).


-:Further Notes on Code

Since all documents are review by group members before handing in we can assess whether or not we believe our format to be consistent. This is one of out main sign off procedures.

Classes, methods, among other things which are named should be ideally named and and well laid out. e.g. code is not bunched together if they do not need to be so it can be easily read. Related code e.g. same type or part of something. Can be NEATLY bundled together.

